Validator documentation update (#807)
near/docs: docs/develop/node/validator/running-a-node-windows.md

    Great! All set to get the node up and running!
11. Clone the github nearcore

    First we need to check a version which is currently working in `testnet`:
    ```sh
    curl -s https://rpc.testnet.near.org/status | jq .version
    ```

>     You’ll get something like this: "1.13.0-rc.2". "1.13.0" is a branch which we need to clone to build our node `fortestnet`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You’ll get something like this: "1.13.0-rc.2". "1.13.0" is a branch which we need to clone to build our node for `testnet`.
```
